What is it guys and what KMAX an now in this film you will be working up this home page OK I'm going
to design exactly this home page but that will be under my control since I can not edit this home page
but I want to make a home page that I can edit.
Come on.
OK.
What I'm going to do right now.
So first of all what we have to do is that we need to go to the all pages right now and I just need
to keep this page open as a reference for myself.
OK.
So I'm just going to go to home right here.
I'm just going to look at it.
OK.
And then here I am just going to click the template and that will be full of it.
That's all.
OK let's just update and let's just open this page up.
OK.
So let's just bring this right here so you can see this is our home page right now and this is our home
page right now.
OK.
And now here we'll be working up.
So let's just go ahead and let's come here first what we need is that we need to come here to screen
options to see how much things that we can get to we can go to the cones and two columns and everything.
OK let's just come here first thing what I want to do right now is that I want to show the show by category.
So I'm just going to come here and it's going to click here.
And now here I want to add a heading.
So that will be sharp by category OK.
I want to align this to center the way this is here.
I want to go down.
And now here I want to show the product so I'm just going to come here.
I'm just going to go to the products right here.
OK.
And sorry.
The product category.
So I just want to show you the category that I want.
So let's come here and let's come here.
And I don't want to show all the categories.
I just want to show these two categories.
OK.
I'm just going to come here.
I'm going to click here.
And now I want to add this so you can see this is right here and now here I want to come here and I
want to use the ID so you can see that you can just work with the product on the 80s base.
OK.
So if it if I just go down go down.
And then you can see that this is how it's going to work.
So if you you can see full display a specified product category.
Sorry.
Yes.
A display a specified product category.
So I'm going to come here.
I'm just going to go to this one right here.
Let's go to the product categories page.
Let's open this page up.
OK so this might be so confusing to you but you will understand it.
OK.
So now here I want to show the T-shirts first so I wanted to grab the idea of this T-shirt.
How I'm going to do this.
I'm just going to come here.
I'm just going to open this up and you can see that it is a product category and tag ID is equal to
17.
OK.
I'm just going to come here.
I'm just going to add it like ID is equal to 17.
OK let's add this
on to this debate and let's have a look at her page.
So this is working or we have made a mistake.
Show by category is totally up and running but this page is not coming.
So we cannot add it like this so I'm for product category.
We have to go down.
OK so I did a change basically what I did is that I add product categories and then I add IDs.
OK.
So this is how it's work.
So you just make it plural.
So you have to make it plural in order for this to work.
OK and now we want to add the accessories here.
OK.
So I want to add the reason this I.D. is 15.
I want to add a comma here and this will be 15.
I need one more comma and this will be the Hoodie's itself.
This is 16.
OK.
Let's come here and let's add 16.
OK let's just update trade now and let's have a look at our Web site so you can see these two or right
coming here or the other one is not coming.
And the reason is that we haven't added any of the product in the series.
If we add any product in the history and this count is one then this category will appear otherwise
it will not appear.
OK so you can see this is totally done.
OK.
I want to add only I want to show only three column or two column c o u m and s.
And this will be said to do.
OK so now it will show only two of the column and it will be said to do so if I just come here and I
refresh this.
You'll see this will be bigger.
And we have two categories only up and running.
OK.
Now we have the next section and that is new in.
So this will show the recent products basically I'm just going to come here I'm going to hit this I'm
going to come here and I'm going to enter here.
Let's add one more space and let's add a heading.
So I'm on a heading and this will be new in.
OK.
I want to bring this to center and I want to show the new products that are recently added.
I'm going to come here.
I'm just going to come here and I want to show the product the Order By would be date and the order
would be descending.
So that is what.
So that then it will show the reason for it.
So let's come here come here and we need to add the product.
OK.
So
I'm going to go to the short Gord's right here.
I want to show the products and when I come here I'm going to come here I'm going to come here and I'm
going to paste it.
OK.
So what I want to do show right now this will be the order by would be equal do.
And the order would be is equal to do.
So let's just come here and want to.
OK let's just close the steps.
OK.
We want to show
the order by would be the date.
OK.
So I'm going to come here I'm going to hit.
Order by Otterbein would be set to date.
OK.
And the order would be descending.
So let's come here and let's see this is the d se
d e c.
Ok so now you can see that if I just come here and I just said update.
OK.
So you can see this is done right here.
What I'm going to do right now I'm just going to come here and I'm going to refresh my page to see if
this is running or not.
OK this is running OK.
This is showing all the recent products.
If I just come here you can see we just want to stop it till 4.
OK but this is not stopping it on four sections so I'm just going to come here.
I'm going to hit limit.
OK.
Just add the limit.
Let's just check if the limit is fine.
OK yes the limit is this.
So I'm going to come here I'm going to hit this and I'm going to add a limit.
So limit is going to be for OK let's sit update and let's just come here let's just refresh this Andheri
you go you can see the limit is now four.
If I want to add five call them here I can also add the column here.
So I can just add it like columns.
OK.
And then I want to add the column to be five.
And I won the limit to be five so that it should show 5 products in one single line.
OK let's get him here.
Let's refresh this.
And here we go.
This is like this so you can see that we can do the customization Dowd even buying the pro version guys.
OK.
So the approach is invalid.
You do this in the Customize section but we can do the Customize without even touching that.
OK so now we have let's come here and we have on sale products.
We want to come here to the Schardt gorge.
OK.
And now we have two show the on seal products so the seal products would be seal products.
OK let's come here let's copy this.
Let's come here and let's add a gapping.
OK.
I want to add a heading.
This will be on sale.
OK.
One two on the center.
Let's go down to this.
Well it's just out of date and it's going to show all the sale products that we have.
So here we go.
But I want to limit this to force so that it doesn't show all the seal products.
OK.
I want to limit this to four so that it should show only four products so if we add in future more sale
products then it will not go beyond that.
OK so people just limit the four products.
OK.
This is exactly same.
Now here we on the best seller so best sellers mean like popular.
So you can show the best selling products like the popular products will be coming here.
So I'm just going to come here.
I'm going to add this.
OK.
And now I'm going to come here.
We have a different cord for recent products but you can just ordered by date and then you can just
ordered by descending.
So it really depends on how you want to order it and you can also show the best selling products by
the order by the popularity the number of.
But it teases.
So it can also show the best selling products by the order by the number of personnel popularity so
you can just come here to the products OK.
You have to just come here to the Utterback.
And then you have to select the popularity and then you have to select the order to be the ascending
so it will be default ascending.
So let's just either you can come and copy this or either or you can just use this one but I will be
going up with this one so that it is understandable to you guys and we have more customization so I'm
going to come here.
I am going to add one more score down and even to add the best sellers so I'm going to come here.
I'm going to add the heading
OK and this will be a line to center.
So I'm going to add best sellers.
OK.
And now below I want to add this products.
And the order by
what is equal to the popularity.
So popularity means the number of users.
Ok so I'm going to come here.
I'm going to hit popularity OK.
And now here's the order.
Order would be ascending because it should show like the most number of products that has the seal on
top so I'm going to use A.S.C. But as is default the EFC so you don't have to mention it here but I
am just showing it to that it should show the best seller.
OK.
So you can also Shwed like non-HD best seller and then you can choose the DSC.
So let's get him here and let's refresh this and you will see that the best selling products will be
coming here.
OK.
So we have to limit this to four.
So I'm going to go I'm here I am going to hit this and I'm going to hit a limit.
He goes to and let's at four.
So let's set up date and you can see that we should be matching this best seller and everything should
be totally same vidis so he can see best selling is this and this is also exactly the same.
So this is our big.
You have now designed this home page exactly the same as this one.
And you did not even mark that provers.
OK.
You can also add more things you can also add a product attribute you can also add top rated products.
If I just add one more of then you can also add a top rated price.
So I'm just going to come here and I want to add.
But since we don't have any of the top rated products that is why we cannot not added then we will be
very king of the reviews.
Then after the reviews you can get that.
OK so let's just add this one into Sellersville so that they should come here in the on field product
and this should fill.
So I'm going to come here I'm going to hit a product.
OK.
This is our affiliate.
I'm going to go down and I want to be seal on 15 bucks.
OK.
Let's come here and let's say if it seems like this I want one more product to be added on to seal products
so that will be
this one quick edit and here the sale price is going to be 50.
Let's add up the OK and let's have a look at our site now.
We have new when we have our on sale we have our best seller so will this whole page is totally up and
running and everything is coming.
So now we are totally done with our Web site.
You can see that we have designed our home page and now in the next video I'll show you that how can
you for it.
I'd like to check out options how a person can come to say and then how he can it with so we can not
work with this home base we can not bring this to center.
OK.
We cannot do this.
OK because this is the title and we can not edited.
This is one thing that we cannot do but the rest of the things we have already done guys.
OK.
So we can go with the element or we can also add the element or plug it into here and then we can also
edited this but we have edited it manually.
OK.
So I'll show you how getting Burgman the L-M and Autoblog in OK and build our own website in the upcoming
section that will be the S6 start tumbly that will be course very we will build a professional base
trip site.
OK so now were done with this in the next video will review our website vild learn that how a person
and anonymous person can buy from our website.
And then how he can work with it.
So Stadion guy it in the next video.
Ill be working up to that.
Goodbye.